I'm Suzanne Goin and we're in my home
kitchen in Los Angeles
Thanksgiving was it really was a big
deal when I was growing up turkeys is
pretty much a given so I think the sides
and salads and things like that or a
time when you can give them something
sort of a little bit unexpected but
still keeping with what they're hoping
for and what tastes and feels like
Thanksgiving for them rather than doing
something with pumpkin or with sweet
potatoes for me it's I like doing
something with the kabocha squash and I
toss them with olive oil and roast them
till they're you know really crispy
caramelized on one side but then also
very tender and soft and then layer it
with dandelion and make a little relish
of diced Karma's on cheese and some
slivered dates and then finish it with a
little scattering of the pepitas or
pumpkin seeds and I can tell we got them
just right by the way they're crunching
so it's really more about assembling and
kind of layering all those ingredients
each of which is gonna bring a different
flavor so we have the dish to be
thinking of for Thanksgiving is some
kind of some kind of green vegetable you
know I think it's hard to be the thing
to be the green vegetable on the
Thanksgiving tables there's so much to
compete with so just took the blue lake
beans and then cook those for a long
time with wedges of onion and garlic and
then herbs big pieces of sage and
rosemary and thyme
I think texture is such an important
part of how we enjoy food it's the
texture of the beans themselves but then
also of the onion and the garlic and the
herbs and sort of thinking of all those
elements especially when the food is
really simple it's really important to
kind of nail all those all those moments
so they get really nice and crispy on
the outside like
very quick french fries it's like all
the moistures been cooked out of them
they're really intensely flavored and
you're gonna have a salad at
Thanksgiving you wanted to have some wow
factor that's something that's gonna
draw people in because they're just like
on this mashed potato like turkey gravy
cranberry mission so for the for the
arugula salad with the grapes first
thing I did was I took the grapes and I
just crushed them in a mortar pestle and
that's just to get all the juice out of
them but not lose anything and take that
and then some diced shallots sherry
vinegar let that sit and then whisk in
some olive oil you don't want to
manhandle it but you do want to toss it
well enough so that the greens all get
coated and then it's all about kind of
like the layering when you're plating so
plate that sort of very gently but
thoughtfully just kind of take those
little curls awesome and I use it kind
of like to sort of lift and lift in
place you want it all to be sort of
woven together and then we finished the
salad with a nice drizzling of Saba it
just has this really sort of great b-but
savory kind of deep flavor to it
I think Thanksgiving is the most food
driven holiday I mean we actually are
celebrating something to do with food it
is the one that people really cook into
what they had is a kid either the pros
or the cons and what they expect and
what that feeling means to you